gh-98872: Fix a possible resource leak in Python 3.11.0 (#99047)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Security/2022-11-03-08-10-49.gh-issue-98872.gdsR8X.rst

> Fix a possible resource leak in Python 3.11.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a possible resource leak in ``Programs/_freeze_module.c`` introduced in Python 3.11.
```
